README.md, before:

Download a zip file with all the scripts in this repository: https://github.com/avilesjf/synthv-scripts/releases/latest

For individual script downloads: https://avilesjf.github.io/synthv-scripts/

## Where to find more scripts
A catalog of scripts from other users has been compiled on my website: https://synthv.info/resource-scripts

# synthv-scripts
A collection of scripts created by Aviles JF for using with Synthesizer V Studio Pro software.
All scripts are made to speed up using group of notes.

## How to use scripts
Scripts are only available for the Pro edition of SynthV Studio.
You can find the scripts folder by opening SynthV Studio and selecting:
Scripts -> Open Scripts Folder from the top menu. 
Download the scripts you wish to use from this repository and place them in the scripts folder. 
To access the new scripts in SynthV Studio: 
either restart the software or select Scripts -> Rescan from the top menu.

## Issues / bugs
If you find any issues with these scripts, 
make a new GitHub issue (https://github.com/avilesjf/synthv-scripts/issues/new) 
or message me on the SynthV Forums (https://forum.synthesizerv.com/u/jeanf/summary).

## groups-scripts
Especially made to help using group of notes inside the Synthesizer V Studio Pro editor (Dreamtonics).
Copy/paste all automation parameters corresponding to the selected notes.
Duplicate groups notes and shift them in current scale for vocal harmonies.

## lyrics-scripts
Extracting lyrics easier to save all lyrics of a song. 
Also extracting lyrics into the specific .SRT text format to use within a video.

## Modifying these scripts or making your own
If you copy, modify, fork, etc. these scripts, crediting me for the original source could be a good choice and be free to notify me.

## Scripting documentation for SynthV Studio
Check it there: https://resource.dreamtonics.com/scripting/index.html

Commit message:

Add shortcuts list display
Add a shortcuts list display and capture to clipboard

README.md, after:

Download a zip file with all the scripts in this repository: https://github.com/avilesjf/synthv-scripts/releases/latest

For individual script downloads: https://avilesjf.github.io/synthv-scripts/

## Where to find more scripts
A catalog of scripts from other users has been compiled on my website: https://synthv.info/resource-scripts

# synthv-scripts
A collection of scripts created by Aviles JF for using with Synthesizer V Studio Pro software.
All scripts are made to speed up using group of notes.

## How to use scripts
Scripts are only available for the Pro edition of SynthV Studio.
You can find the scripts folder by opening SynthV Studio and selecting:
Scripts -> Open Scripts Folder from the top menu. 
Download the scripts you wish to use from this repository and place them in the scripts folder. 
To access the new scripts in SynthV Studio: 
either restart the software or select Scripts -> Rescan from the top menu.

## Issues / bugs
If you find any issues with these scripts, 
make a new GitHub issue (https://github.com/avilesjf/synthv-scripts/issues/new) 
or message me on the SynthV Forums (https://forum.synthesizerv.com/u/jeanf/summary).

## groups-scripts
Especially made to help using group of notes inside the Synthesizer V Studio Pro editor (Dreamtonics).
Copy/paste all automation parameters corresponding to the selected notes.
Duplicate groups notes and shift them in current scale for vocal harmonies.

## lyrics-scripts
Extracting lyrics easier to save all lyrics of a song. 
Also extracting lyrics into the specific .SRT text format to use within a video.

## tools-scripts
Extracting (and copy into the clipboard) all existing shortcuts into the file: settings.xml.

## Modifying these scripts or making your own
If you copy, modify, fork, etc. these scripts, crediting me for the original source could be a good choice and be free to notify me.

## Scripting documentation for SynthV Studio
Check it there: https://resource.dreamtonics.com/scripting/index.html
